https://rentahal.com

public demo is live on URL above - 3 node array running: 

NineThousand Operating System - Secure, OnPrem AI

28 sep 24 - all day session with claude sonnet 3.5 
- we put much more extensive logging in place - every function, every variable
we are using BARETAIL free windows gui to tail the webgui_detailed.log now
looks like a log msg every 300 ms or so...


we fixed it so if you forget to put something in the config.ini
the system will automatically append all the missing values and their defaults to the running config.ini as a reminder...


there is a be_sysop.py now - you run that , it come up on 5666 - you connect to it on a browser, and YOU are the sysop for that database instance - 
- you can ban users and terminate queries if you are sysop, a menu for sysop is hidden from normal users and displays automatically for sysop

We got a grip on the speech out intermittent system hang that was causing us to have to re-launch the backend - 
it was our call to a gpu enabled external ffmpeg -  that's in a asynch process now as a call we can sh*can after a timeout...


system seems super reliable and smooth on the three node array


Times from query submission to result display:
(actual results) 

- WHISPER 
speech to text - instantly in some cases

- BARK 
speech out - as low as 5 sec for simple answer - capital of ohio... etc.

- LLAMA3
chat, bio of g. washington. 450 words in 11.5 secs...

- LLAVA:7b
vision, recognotion and description of photo - us president - 75 word description in 4.4 sec.

- STABLE DIFFUSION 1.5 AUTOMATIC1111
imagine, photo of park with bench and lawn, photo realistic - (512x512 fixed) - 8.2 seconds

API integrations: 
- ollama
- claude dev
- Hugging Faces

Supported platforms:
- Browser - must support websockets and https:

theory of design:
API first
asynchronus
event driven 
infinite state machine
all endpoints are websockets
all communications are JSON

Supported number of AI worker nodes: unlimited

Supported number of System Users: unlimited (to the limit of your hardware)

design:
python/javascript/html

source:
closed
 - except for API apps, like our robot sentry or AI workflow automator, which are open and published...

 Coded by Artificial Intelligence at the N2NHU Lab for Applied AI in Newburgh, NY USA













